Update domain-model.md (#3729)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/concepts/domain-model.md

The approach also enables developing generic application components. For example, as soon as a managed object has a position fragment (`c8y_Position`), it can be placed on a map. As soon as it has a relay (`c8y_Relay`), it can be switched on and off using the respective device control command as described below.

> For more information on fragments and its usage, see the [Fragment library](/device-integration/fragment-library/).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information on fragments and their usage, see the [Fragment library](/device-integration/fragment-library/).
```

Fragments use a naming convention to avoid conflicts between different parties supplying fragment information, similar to Java or other programming languages.

> In the example above, `c8y_Position` is a combination of "c8y" (a shorthand for "Cumulocity"), an underscore and "Position". Together they form a set of standard fragments, see also [Fragment library](/device-integration/fragment-library/).

Author: @l2p- I suggest to either remove the sentence "Fragment definitions can be found in the [fragment library](/device-integration/fragment-library/)" here entirely or to keep it as a generic link. We anyway mention the fragment library some lines above (line 54).

Reviewer: Why do we use a capital letter in the first noun. I would either expect fragment library or Fragment Library but not Fragment library?

Reviewer: I also don't think we need to provide the reference link again.

Author: > Why do we use a capital letter in the first noun. I would either expect fragment library or Fragment Library but not Fragment library?

Because it is a link to the section in the documentation that has the heading "Fragment library". Probably more obvious if you look at the output, which shows a link here.

> In the example above, `c8y_Position` is a combination of "c8y" (a shorthand for "Cumulocity"), an underscore and "Position". Together they form a set of standard fragments, see also [Fragment library](/device-integration/fragment-library/).

Reviewer 2: There is no "set of standard fragments". Fragment library is documentation about how to make a standard set of DM functionalities work with devices.
```suggestion
In the example above, `c8y_Position` is a combination of "c8y" (a shorthand for "Cumulocity"), an underscore and "Position". For more information about various Device Management functionalities and their associated fragments, see also [Fragment library](/device-integration/fragment-library/).
```
